Jae Song
jys023, A12042160
CSE 100 HW 4
Extension Writeup

The problem I wanted to solve is what is the average unweighted
shorted path of a given actor.

I solved this by running BFS for every actor possible to the 
given actor. I would add up all the number of edges it takes to
get to one actor to another and average it out at the end.

I tested this by doing the same problem on a smaller inputfile but
doing the calculations manually. I would find the unweighted shortest
path between every actor and a given actor and calculate the 
average.

My extension will take in 3 arguments.
	1 - movie database inputfile. so a file that follows movie_casts.tsv
	    format and functionality
	2 - output filename, this can essentially be any valid output
	    filename that you wish
    3 - ACTOR Name, this is possibly the most important argument.
	    The extension program will take in the actor name and find
		the shortest unweighted path to that actor from all the actors
		present in the movie database inputfile. It will then calculate 
		the average of the shortest unweighted paths.
		WARNING!!! when you are passing in the actor name it must follow
		the same format as present in the movie database file.
			50 CENT
			BADALUCCO JR., JOSEPH
			BARANSKI, CHRISTINE 
		these would be valid actor names, and also when the name has
		parantheses (), then you must pass them in like this:
			BACON, KEVIN \(I\)
		this has to do with how bash interprets () in command prompt
 	
	So the way to use this extension program is simple, pass in
	movie database file, name of the outputfile you want, and finally
	the name of the actor that you wish to calculate the average
	shortest unweighted distance of. It will go through all the actors,
	excluding the self-paths, and calculate the average. 
    
	The output file will print out all the actors that are connected
	to the given actor.
	Then at the last two lines, it will print out how many actors are
	connected, and what the average unweighted shortest path was.

